Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-gatsby.mdx

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Gatsby site to Astro, [edit this page](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-gatsby.mdx) and add it here!

Reviewer: Although I understand that this link is not useful in the English version since we already have `Edit this page` at the bottom, I think this can be useful for translations. Because we want these changes to be made to the English version, not the translation.

For example, [in French](https://deploy-preview-11376--astro-docs-2.netlify.app/fr/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-gatsby/#ressources-communautaires) this link uses the English version while the link for `Modifier cette page` at the bottom uses the French version.

But maybe I'm overthinking here and it's just fine to remove it. 😅

Author: Ah, good point! I had removed the link *because* of the language implications, and so as not to need to duplicate the logic of the "edit this page" link feature. But you're right, it's not actually edit THIS page in the translations then... it really should always be the English page... That gets a little clunky to say though, "Edit this (the page the link is taking you to, not the page you're actually on) page" 😅 

What we could do is introduce hard-coded links pointing to the English file and maybe the linked text is something like `[add it to this list](/en/...)`?

Reviewer: Sounds like a good idea!
And yeah, while linking the French page I was saying to myself the translation is wrong we should probably use `modifiez la version anglaise de cette page` but that wasn't the point. 😅

Reviewer: Sorry for causing so much trouble, but well done! 💜 (at first glance, I'll review the PR tomorrow if no one does it first!)

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Gatsby site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Gatsby site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-gatsby.mdx)!
```
OK, I think this is a non-clunky way to handle this that can still be translated just fine but also point to the English page. Now, we should change all of the migration guides!
